New Sample: Show line of sight analysis on map (#1787)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-dotnet: src/MAUI/Maui.Samples/Samples/Analysis/ShowLineOfSightAnalysisOnMap/readme.md

## How it works

1. Create a `Map` and set it on a `MapView`.
2. Create a `GraphicsOverlay` and add target and observer points to it, along with an appropriate symbol. Create another `GraphicsOverlay` that will display the line of sight result graphics.
3. Create a `ContinuousField` from a raster file containing elevation data.
4. Create a list of `LineOfSightPosition` from target and observer `MapPoint`s and a `HeightOrigin.Relative`.
5. Configure `LineOfSightParameters` with a new `ObserverTargetPairs`, passing the list of observer and target line of sight positions.
6. Create a `LineOfSightFunction` from the continuous field and line of sight parameters.
7. Evaluate the function to get `LineOfSight` results.
8. Check if the results contain any `LineOfSight.Error`s.
9. Create a `Graphic` from each result, using the geometry of the result's `VisibleLine` or `NotVisibleLine` result, and an appropriate symbol.
10. Use `LineOfSight.TargetVisibility` to determine if the observer position has a direct line of sight to the target position.

> 11. Get the length of the visible line result with `GeometryEngine.LengthGeodetic` to report results.

Reviewer: If you accept some of the changes above these steps are no longer in the correct order (and some of them aren't already)
```suggestion
8. Create a `Graphic` from each result, using the geometry of the result's `VisibleLine` or `NotVisibleLine` result, and an appropriate symbol.
9. Use `LineOfSight.TargetVisibility` to determine if the observer position has a direct line of sight to the target position.
10. Check for `LineOfSight.Error`s and get the length of the visible line result with `GeometryEngine.LengthGeodetic` to report results.
```
